README.md, before:

# Rutgers Thesis / Dissertation LaTeX Template

A LaTeX template for Rutgers MS Thesis or Ph.D. Dissertation.

## Introduction

This LaTeX template is based on the examples provided on 
 - the official [Electronic Thesis and Dissertation Style Guide](https://gsnb.rutgers.edu/academics/electronic-thesis-and-dissertation-style-guide) (See [Official Examples](/OfficialExamples) to find the snapshot of the guidance and original pdf examples, downloaded on December 2020) 
 - the LaTeX template from [Georgia Tech Thesis Templates](http://grad.gatech.edu/theses-dissertations-templates)

You can check the generated [example pdf file](RutgersDissertationTemplate.pdf) of the template.

## How to Use

**!!! READ THE OFFICIAL GUIDANCE BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE !!!**

**!!! READ THE COMMENTS CAREFULLY IN TEMPLATES !!!**

You can find the latest stable version of this template from [releases](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/releases/). This template is tested on [Overleaf](https://overleaf.com). There might be issues if you are using local LaTex editors (see [#2](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/issues/2)).

To start on Overleaf, please log into your account first, then click New Project - Upload Project - Select/drag a .zip file, and upload the .zip file you downloaded, to start your excellent work. The main LaTeX file is `thesis.tex`.

The latest dev version of this template is available by cloning this repo or clicking Code - Download ZIP on GitHub. Make sure the tex files are put under the root of your work directory (i.e., not in a subfolder), otherwise there might be some issues (e.g., List of Abbreviations page (Page vii) might be blank except the page number), see also [#8](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/issues/8) for more information.

## Make Contributions / Report Bugs

To make contributions, you can create a PR directly.

To report bugs, you can open an issue so that we can track this bug.

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

add info for github actions

README.md, after:

# Rutgers Thesis / Dissertation LaTeX Template

A LaTeX template for Rutgers MS Thesis or Ph.D. Dissertation.

## Introduction

This LaTeX template is based on the examples provided on 
 - the official [Electronic Thesis and Dissertation Style Guide](https://gsnb.rutgers.edu/academics/electronic-thesis-and-dissertation-style-guide) (See [Official Examples](/OfficialExamples) to find the snapshot of the guidance and original pdf examples, downloaded on December 2020) 
 - the LaTeX template from [Georgia Tech Thesis Templates](http://grad.gatech.edu/theses-dissertations-templates)

You can check the generated [example pdf file](RutgersDissertationTemplate.pdf) of the template.

## How to Use

**!!! READ THE OFFICIAL GUIDANCE BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE !!!**

**!!! READ THE COMMENTS CAREFULLY IN TEMPLATES !!!**

You can find the latest stable version of this template from [releases](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/releases/). This template is tested on [Overleaf](https://overleaf.com). There might be issues if you are using local LaTex editors or GitHub Actions (see [#2](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/issues/2) and [#15](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/pull/15)).

To start on Overleaf, please log into your account first, then click New Project - Upload Project - Select/drag a .zip file, and upload the .zip file you downloaded, to start your excellent work. The main LaTeX file is `thesis.tex`.

The latest dev version of this template is available by cloning this repo or clicking Code - Download ZIP on GitHub. Make sure the tex files are put under the root of your work directory (i.e., not in a subfolder), otherwise there might be some issues (e.g., List of Abbreviations page (Page vii) might be blank except the page number), see also [#8](https://github.com/tangbao/RU-Thesis-Dissertation-Latex-Template/issues/8) for more information.

## Make Contributions / Report Bugs

To make contributions, you can create a PR directly.

To report bugs, you can open an issue so that we can track this bug.

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
